Korniychuk 1 dota game on the pass on snap
what
Sokolov sex on the way out and the Poles
open grow after our shkolke
Poles opens rakhunok and implementation
it was gorgeous just eighty fifth
floor of mistura you through either punching
covering blow up a chef
he is yes so there already kind of torments yesterday
mother
porsche sand and half writing
the third match we give up
well , the 2nd I already forgets zborovsky and
raw it finds 2 caps between you
nothing terrible 32 and the store trying
okay 02, we know
fine our team we can be clever
study consumed yes you we not all
just forgive the Poles
choosing you ram forget us the third ball
you before the bucket itself would dragons 31
sokolovskiy ukhty well red onion and
throw garlic without jumping about it happens
bump pleasing
yak-yak so overstates one thing we forgot and
your super moments
and with agranovsky nation you call the moment
so nobody 's just infecting the street
football
Wow, silent mcpatcher
silently choir apach af 24 is the case
postrel novels and why not jump
led accurate passes passes valve classes
let's start first go one gate ram
mini standards of the gather was not forgetting
sebring 5 friend's black drum
Polish team
25 poisoned and their blacks will not reach for
our sber nature
they started at the city ​​today the same
almost all the same for you
forget don't forget 24 to two which is
shorter vesta va not and for such a long
time with such commands we exit
onions and
knight of two we are also all
35 we are doing with another Euroleague match
do north poland and release a
the poles she passed the collection he and after
two rounds
my honor accounting we have a bored kartsev by
three points and tomorrow full-time duel